refine installation guide (#1349)
kubermatic/docs: content/kubermatic/main/installation/install-kkp-CE/_index.en.md

For this guide you need to have [kubectl](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/tools/#kubectl) and [Helm](https://www.helm.sh/) (version 3) installed locally.
You should be familiar with core Kubernetes concepts and the YAML file format before proceeding.

<!-- TODO Add quotas for additional providers-->

> In addition, we recommend to familiarize yourself with the resource-quota system of your infrastructure provider. It is important to leave free capacity to allow KKP to provision infrastructure for your future Kubernetes clusters, but also to enforce a maximum to protect against overspending.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition, we recommend familiarizing yourself with the resource quota system of your infrastructure provider. It is important to provide enough capacity to let KKP provision infrastructure for your future user clusters, but also to enforce a maximum to protect against overspending.
```

This might be personal taste, but something about this sentence felt odd, so maybe this is better?

| To authenticate via an external identity provider you need to set up connectors in Dex. Check out [the Dex documentation](https://dexidp.io/docs/connectors/) for a list of available providers. This is not required but highly recommended for multi-user installations. | `.dex.connectors` (`values.yaml`; not included in example file) |
| The expose strategy which controls how control plane components of a User Cluster are exposed to worker nodes and users. See [the expose strategy documentation]({{< ref "../../tutorials-howtos/networking/expose-strategies/" >}}) for available options. Defaults to `NodePort` strategy if not set. | `.spec.exposeStrategy` (`kubermatic.yaml`; not included in example file) |

> There are many more options but these are essential to get a minimal system up and running. A full reference of all options can be found in the [KubermaticConfiguration Reference]({{< relref "../../references/crds/_index.en.md#kubermaticconfigurationspec" >}}). The secret keys

Reviewer: You can drop `_index.en.md` here and just make the ref `../../references/crds/#kubermaticconfigurationspec`.
